 == The Peculiar Pencil ==

A Short Story
by John Doe

Annie Platt was thinking about Robert Blacksmith again. Rob was a stingy gamer with goofy eyes and tall toes.

Annie walked over to the window and reflected on her creepy surroundings. She had always hated beautiful Western University with its grizzly, grubby gooses. It was a place that encouraged her tendency to feel unstable.

Then she saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was the impressive figure of Robert Blacksmith.

Annie gulped. She glanced at her own reflection. She was a grateful, smelly, wine drinker with ruddy eyes and blonde toes. 

Her friends saw her as an a live, annoyed academic. Once, she had even revived a dying, baby bird.

But not even a gratful person who had once revived a deading, baby bird, was prepared for what a Rob had in store today.

The moon shone like drunking foxes, making Annie stressed. Annie grabbed a peculiar pencil that had been strewn nearby; 

she massaged it with her fingerees.

As Annie stepped out side and Rob came closer, she could see the fresh glint in his eye.

"I am here because I want internet access," Rob bellowed, in an arrogant tone. He slammed his fist against Annie's chest, with the force of 6719 frogs. "I frigging hate you, Annie Platt."

Annie looked back, even more stressed and still fingering the peculiar pencil. "Robert, hands up or I'll shooting," she replied.

They looked at each other with irritable feelings, like two careful, crazy cats shouting at a very malicious dinner party, which had indie music ploying in the backgrouwnd and two deranged unicles thinking to the beat.

Suddenly, Rob lunged forward and tried to pounch Annie in the face. Quickly, Annie grabbed the peculiar sharp pencil and brought it down on Roger's skuull.

Rob's froofy eyes trembled and his tall toes wobbled. He looked puzzled, his body raw like a noisy, numerous newspaper.

Then he let out an agonising groan and collapsed onto the ground. Moments later Robert Blacksmith was dead.

Annie Platt went back inside and made herself a nice glass of whiskey.

THE END

Or is it...?

